docs: update auth docs for MCP spec 2025-11-25 (#680)
apollographql/apollo-mcp-server: docs/source/auth.mdx

| Status | Meaning | When returned |
|--------|---------|---------------|
| `401 Unauthorized` | No valid token | Token is missing, malformed, expired, has an invalid signature, or fails audience validation |
| `403 Forbidden` | Valid token with insufficient permissions | Token is authentic but lacks the required scopes (global or per-operation) |

### WWW-Authenticate header

Every `401` and `403` response includes a `WWW-Authenticate` header to guide clients through the authorization flow.

**401 response** — directs the client to the Protected Resource Metadata document and indicates the scopes to request:

```http
HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized
WWW-Authenticate: Bearer resource_metadata="https://mcp.example.com/.well-known/oauth-protected-resource",
                         scope="read write"
```

**403 response** — includes `error="insufficient_scope"` along with the scopes required for the specific operation:

```http
HTTP/1.1 403 Forbidden
WWW-Authenticate: Bearer error="insufficient_scope",
                         scope="user:write admin",
                         resource_metadata="https://mcp.example.com/.well-known/oauth-protected-resource"
```

> The `scope` parameter on a `401` response reflects the globally configured scopes (from `auth.scopes`). The `scope` parameter on a `403` response reflects the scopes missing for the specific operation, either from `auth.scopes` or from `overrides.required_scopes`. Clients **SHOULD** use these scopes as the target scope set when initiating or re-initiating authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clients should use the `scope` parameter provided by the header as the target scope set when initiating or re-initiating authorization. The `scope` parameter on a `401` response reflects the globally configured scopes (from `auth.scopes`). The `scope` parameter on a `403` response reflects the scopes missing for the specific operation, either from `auth.scopes` or from `overrides.required_scopes`. 
```

- With multiple fallback URLs (RFC 8414, OIDC Discovery), the cumulative timeout can be 10-15 seconds if all URLs fail.
- Increase the timeout if your OAuth server is on a slow network or responds slowly.
- Decrease the timeout in high-performance environments where fast failure is preferred.

### OIDC Discovery compatibility

> Per the MCP specification, authorization servers **MUST** provide at least one of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Per the MCP specification, authorization servers must provide at least one of:
```
